h1. Registration Command Line Application

h2. Description

Command line application to generate the registration key and code. To start the application there are scripts installed in the @bin/@ directory. For Linux it is the @bin/linux/registrationcli.sh@ script, for Windows it is the @bin/windows/registrationcli.bat@ script. The script can be run from anywhere, i.e.:

<pre lang="bash">
bin/linux/registrationcli.sh
</pre>

h2. Limitations

The application is not designed as a Digital Rights Management (DRM) software. It is just a simple method for registration an application for a particular user. 

h2. Debug

A version for debug purpose is in the same directory as the start script and is run in the same matter, i.e.:

<pre lang="bash">
bin/linux/registrationcli-debug.sh
</pre>

h2. Synopsis

<pre lang="bash">
registrationcli.sh [-name NAME] [-email EMAIL]
registrationcli.sh -key KEY
registrationcli.sh -help
</pre>

h2. Description

The program have two modes. First, to generate the registration code. Optionally, the user name and the user email address can be specified. Second, to generate the registration code from a specified key.

h2. Usage

Without any arguments the application will generate the registration code. Optionally, the user name and the user email address can be specified.

<pre lang="bash">
registrationcli.sh
PTKB-BTKU-CWQF-IEGX
</pre>

The command line argument @-code@ will generate the registration code for the specified registration key.

<pre lang="bash">
registrationcli.sh -key PTKB-BTKU-CWQF-IEGX
3703370522173961
</pre>

The command line argument @-help@ will print out this help.

<pre lang="bash">
registrationcli.sh -help
</pre>

